Improve `grade-school` description (#2499)
exercism/problem-specifications: exercises/grade-school/description.md

# Description

Given students' names along with the grade they are in, create a roster for the school.

In the end, you should be able to:

- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade:
  - "Add Jim to grade 2."
  - "OK."
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade:
  - "Which students are in grade 2?"
  - "We've only got Jim right now."
- Get a sorted list of all students in all grades.
  Grades should be sorted as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted alphabetically by name.
  - "Who is enrolled in school right now?"
  - "Let me think. We have Anna, Barb, and Charlie in grade 1, Alex, Peter, and Zoe in grade 2, and Jim in grade 5. So the answer is: Anna, Barb, Charlie, Alex, Peter, Zoe, and Jim."

> Note that all our students only have one name (it’s a small town, what do you want?), and each student cannot be added more than once to a grade or the roster. If a test attempts to add the same student more than once, your implementation should indicate that this is incorrect.

Reviewer: One sentence per line please.

Author: Oops, I completely ignored the original format there and just went with my own style. My bad!

# Description

Given students' names along with the grade that they are in, create a roster for the school.
Given students' names along with the grade they are in, create a roster for the school.

In the end, you should be able to:

- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade
- Add a student's name to the roster for a grade:
  - "Add Jim to grade 2."
  - "OK."
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade
- Get a list of all students enrolled in a grade:
  - "Which students are in grade 2?"
  - "We've only got Jim just now."
  - "We've only got Jim right now."
- Get a sorted list of all students in all grades.
  Grades should sort as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted alphabetically by name.
  - "Who all is enrolled in school right now?"
  Grades should be sorted as 1, 2, 3, etc., and students within a grade should be sorted alphabetically by name.
  - "Who is enrolled in school right now?"
  - "Let me think.
    We have Anna, Barb, and Charlie in grade 1, Alex, Peter, and Zoe in grade 2 and Jim in grade 5.

>     So the answer is: Anna, Barb, Charlie, Alex, Peter, Zoe and Jim"

Reviewer 2: These lines are part of the bullet point and should be indented.

> Note that all our students only have one name (it’s a small town, what do you want?), and each student cannot be added more than once to a grade or the roster.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that all our students only have one name (it's a small town, what do you want?), and each student cannot be added more than once to a grade or the roster.
```

Author: Well spotted, thanks!
